well earlier I spoke to Dr Ahmed
mahalati a surgeon at alifa hospital
that's in the northern part of the strip
and he says that hospitals are becoming
more and more
unsafe it's totally a horrible situation
the one we are facing now to start with
we don't know where's the end point of
this one it's getting Tighter and
Tighter the situation and the squeezing
around the chipa hospital is getting uh
tighter so targeting the biggest
Hospital in Gaza which assumed to be the
one to treat the injured patients now we
can hardly treat the patients within our
hospital and then we every now and then
think that it's totally unsafe so we are
in the middle of War Zone it's
continuing with bombing air strikes from
the sea the drones are within the
hospital uh area and anyone moving
between the buildings they feel totally
unsafe the electricity stopped because
of some issues with the electricity the
engineer who went to try to fix that
electricity
was uh shot by the Drone and injured in
his neck and he got paralysis of his
four lmbs so the situation that you are
totally unsafe even to move between the
hospital buildings whoever in in one
building can't move to the other
building even if a doctor wants to see
patient in the other they can't move
there so what happened is the already we
were in a bad situation collapsing
situation of the health system running
out of fuel electricity of water now the
situation is tighter they attack the
water tanks on top of the buildings now
we don't have water in the whole
buildings in the uh in the toilets for
the patient
hygiene